hi let me start with this short I'm
gonna be an ally I thought this was the
weirdest thing Pixar has ever done
because they had like this lady cooking
up a dumpling and then it literally
becomes a child she starts raising the
boy had this food baby eating dough as
if like humans eat skin he grows up and
tries to move out before his momma eats
him I was like bro look at the end it
turns out it was actually a metaphor
dealing with her real son who is moving
out and how they had a connection with
food and sometimes your mama just wants
to put you back where you came from and
not leave but I'm gonna tell you as a
cartoon my face for the first three
minutes of this thing was appalled but
it was good as Incredibles 2 was also
good in my opinion and I would give it
an ecstatic combo price as a matter of
fact even say that it's better than the
original get at me while I explain see I
didn't really grow up with the first one
because when it's a DVD but also because
I was so busy watching Finding Nemo more
than anything else to recap it before I
spoil the sequel I think it's a great
movie I saw it just the other day you
know it takes place in the 70s where the
original sokovia accords happened where
they signed a thing making sure that all
superheroes were eight legal which could
look building a wall for those who can
fly has everyone's noted it's pretty
much the only good version of the
Fantastic Four out there it's very
family centric the score is iconic and
you know Holly Hunter only works on the
most prestigious superhero movies
coincidence I think not mr. Incredibles
power I think is a white privilege
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me - is fast vile it is invisible to
boys and Elastigirl is she's known for
being thick I know screen rants always
whoring her out on their thumbnails
right putting her out there with Lola
bunny but after we watching the first
one this woman straight-up knocks out
dudes unconscious with that'll s as soon
as I saw Donny jr. over here I
remembered why I was so happy that he
actually becomes the villain in the
first because I just really wanted to
see his Leno chin get punted hard but I
also love seeing Edna mode again and
noting that she she was rocking that Jon
Snow fitted suit right there now even
though it took 14 years for the sequel
to come out it literally takes place 14
seconds after the first they all get in
trouble for trying to save the days and
superheroes are still illegal they're
living in a motel as if they're being
directed by Shaun Baker and it isn't
until Saul tells them that they better
call him that they actually get an opera
presented to them
where they are able to be superheroes
again as long as they manipulate the
public perception of them actually being
good thing is they want to last to go to
be the face of this new revolution and
mr. incredible is like brah I thought
this when we took place in the 70s not
2018 and they're like set your creatine
looking self down and he becomes mr. mom
for the rest of the movie while his wife
is out there in tight spandex leather
boots fighting and making physical
contact with men drinking with a-list is
this this is a kids movie I don't think
all the messages were heavy-handed like
I know a lot of people are writing
articles about like yeah they cover real
Eagles Equal Rights common core
jack-jack having special needs media
manipulation I mean there's a lot but
that's like a video for another day I
personally like the action sequences
with the bad guy you know every
superhero movies gotta have that train
scene but there's that one where they
straight-up Jack the apartment scene
from seven they're fighting in this like
light-up cube like it's Skyfall there's
a scene where violence snorts at the
diner which isn't an action scene
but it was the most painful one of the
movie and I laughed and everything with
jack checking 217 powers I thought was
fantastic
I'm already saving up for that raccoon
matchup because I want those front row
seats but when it comes to the twist of
the villain being the sister the wozniak
of the two I know a lot of people aren't
really liking her character but I
thought it made sense you know Bruce
Wayne started dressing like a bat cuz
villains killed his parents
well she's mad at superheroes because
her parents dedicated their entire lives
advocating for them and I didn't show up
when they needed them does it seem like
this girl saw one too many episodes of
black mirror and I was taking it out on
technology yeah completely but her brain
washing all the superheroes is some
Justice League doom slash Tower of Babel
stuff I loved the movie and I liked that
it focused on perceptions and how they
can easily be manipulated how you should
always be able to rely on your family
and not take each other for granted and
how every country in place has superior
beings that should shine because they're
better than the rest of us cuz I guess
we're not created equal
Pixar what the thank you guys for
watching this video I'm Kirsten oh your
thoughts I know some people are split on
this some people don't like it seeing
them back-to-back I like them both maybe
I would choose the second one a little
bit more like I said I think it's worth
the combo price I think it still
delivers and what it does I don't I
think it's better than other sequels
like monsters University and finding
Dory but ash is my opinion I like the
villain I think Jack Jack and Edna are
still like the standouts but I'm curious
know your thoughts
let me know down below in the comment
section comment like subscribe and I'll
send you a Pizza Planet truck